Add troubleshooting for missing certificates secret (#18511)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/troubleshooting/01-missing-certificate-secret.md

# Secret With Certificates Is Missing

## Symptom

Secret `kyma-gateway-certs` is not found,

```bash
kubectl get -n istio-system secrets
```

## Cause

> This can only be caused by a mistake, for example accidental removal of that secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This problem can only occur due to a mistake, such as accidentally removing the Secret.
```

## Remedy

> The certificate will be restored automatically in next reconciliation loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The certificate will be restored automatically in the next reconciliation loop.
```

> If needed, you can also trigger the reconciliation by restarting the `api-gateway-controller-manager` deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If needed, you can trigger the reconciliation by restarting the `api-gateway-controller-manager` Deployment:
```
